Hi there.
My name is Dolores Borthwick
and I am a mentoring coordinator
for Big Brothers
Big Sisters here in Charlotte County.
With an office right here
at Fundy Middle and High School.
We have a very unique program
here at Fundy
because we are a middle school
and a high school together.
I love that, yes,
it's teenagers from this school right here
that are matched with middle level kids
when they're identified.
We've had a few that have traveled
to elementary schools over the years
and then get to be with their mentee
the next year
when they come here in grade six.
It's it's beautiful.
It's a really beautiful thing.
And to see the grade six kids,
the middle level kids, when they come here
knowing that they have someone
that they can identify with
when they come into their new school, is
is it truly a beautiful thing for them?
You can see that they're more relaxed
here, that they they some of our mentees
this year have been able
to get involved in sports
and just be all around more comfortable
here at the school,
knowing they have someone
older here to look up to.
So with our in-school
mentoring program, we start recruiting
kids at the beginning of the school year.
They come to me.
There is an application process.
There is an interview process
as well as a training process.
Because we have Big brothers.
Big Sisters do everything we can
to make sure the people
that spend time with
our clients are safe to be with.
And so we do this process.
Really great process for the teenagers.
Most of them have not done
a lot of interviews or
and they're just getting their own resume
ready.
So this is very cool for them to be able
to add to their resume as,
as something that they've done
and volunteer work of course.
And again, they're matched for one hour
once a week together for the school year.
We have a mentoring room downstairs
with a huge amount of activities
for them to do together.
Whether they play board games together,
they paint together.
They,
they make all kinds of things together.
We also do group programs.
We do go girls for girls, game on
for boys.
That focus on healthy living,
being active
and and healthy
eating and love those programs as well.
We are in process of go girls rate
at the moment weekly six week programs.
We love our program here.
Over the last several years we've grown,
especially with the teen mentoring
from a few years back of doing
maybe like 12 matches to this year.
We have 36
teen in school mentoring matches.
That includes matches here at Fun Day,
as well as some teens that travel
to our three feeder
elementary schools here in our area.